Dr. Ra, I have a question for you.
If someone has been allergic to alcohol since childhood,
can they outgrow it once they get older?
Alcohol allergy is caused by a lack of acetaldehyde dehydrogenase.
At most, the symptoms may lessen a bit over time,
but it's a genetic issue that can't be fully overcome.
But, but what about drinking?
Can they still drink alcohol?
Definitely not.
For someone with this kind of allergy,
even a little bit of alcohol can lend them in the hospital.
Hailey, is she really my sister?
Here's the prescription for Greta.
She's definitely allergic to alcohol.
I even have to be careful with the disinfectant I use,
or she breaks out into hives.
So, God has a pleasure to alcohol.
But, Hailey, thanks.
This is for you to try on.
Aww, thank you so much, sister.
Can you please help me unzip this dress?
Thank you.
This is Hailey's hair, compared to the ones that I gave you before.
Also, bring it to a reputable hospital for another DNA test.
I want this all under the wraps,
and I want you all for looking everything.
David's medical and nutritional costs probably cost 50,000.
We've ridden 500,000.
So, will this raise suspicion of the walkers?
Well, the extra 450,000 is for us.
You take 200, and I'll keep the rest.
My credit card's bill's been maxed out.
So, I have to cover the charges.
As for David's treatments, just those numbers.
Dr. Scott, I'm here to have Caleb's injuries checked out.
Sweetheart.
Mom, what are you doing here?
I knew Greta was shady.
That's why after I heard you say that
the walkers' family is going to cover David's medical bills,
I got worried and I came to check,
and I found something really wrong.
500,000?
What?
The emergency surgery after my car accident didn't cost us much.
Why does David need 500,000?
Exactly.
We've been kind enough to cover David's bills,
and Greta's been treating us for fools.
Thank God I caught it in time.
Her father and daughter are really nothing but trouble.
I also deal with them.
Your dad's recovery is going well.
Another week of rest and some antibiotics,
and he should be ready to go home.
What's going on?
Give no idea what you've done.
We agreed to cover your father's medical expenses,
and in just a few days you racked up over 500,000 dollars.
Do you think we're idiots?
This isn't right.
My father hasn't used expensive medication.
Mrs. Walker, there must be a mistake.
This isn't right.
This doesn't add up.
I'm David's primary doctor, and I've only been giving him some basic antibiotics.
The high-end drugs on this bill.
They wouldn't even help this condition.
Those expensive drugs, Greta must have as the nurses to order them,
then sell them off the market.
I've seen her do it.
That's true.
I've seen Greta pick up drugs a few times.
That's not true. You're framing me.
No.
We have witnesses and evidence.
We're still trying to deny it, stealing a diamond hairpin,
and a ring, and now this.
You're a thief, through and through.
I'm cutting off all care to David.
Effective immediately.
Mrs. Walker, please jump.
This isn't critical time for my father's recovery,
and without antibiotics, an infection could completely throw him off track.
The fate of your kind is none of my concern.
Mrs. Walker, please!
Greta, need to figure out how to get those antibiotics quickly or else.
My blood's rare, I could sell that.
Your blood is rare, but not as many people can use AB negative blood,
so it's actually less valuable than more common blood types.
You mean, buddy?
You know he can always come to me, okay?
All you have to do is beg.
Give me your cornea, and I'll give you half a million.
Your dad doesn't get those antibiotics soon.
He's gonna die from an infection.
He's having a post-surgery rejection reaction.
We need those antibiotics now.
One word, Greta.
Donate, or I'm out of here.
Okay, I'll donate.
Just whatever you want.
Just say.
Then sign the contract.
Can I have the money now?
Here.
30,000.
It's supposed to be 100,000.
Why only 30?
Well, that was the old price.
I've trained you my mind.
30 so you get.
You're just manipulating me.
Greta, take it or leave it, okay?
But you sign the contract.
So you still hold me your cornea,
or do you take my money or not?
Please, doctor.
Just do what you can.
Let's go.
You can have my cornea.
Are you sick?
Doc, if she's unwell, will this wreck my eyesight?
It might be Greta's week,
and she's still recovering from a fever.
The cornea might be of poor quality
and could even carry potential diseases.
Buying, okay? You got one week.
Then I'm coming back to your cornea.
She's got the $500,000 medical bill for David.
It doesn't seem right.
Test results.
What's Greta's test results doing here?
What do you think you're doing?
Aurora, who said you can go through my things?
I was just, I just came in to talk about David's bill
and you weren't here.
Stick to your job.
And don't get involved with things that don't concern you
otherwise I will fire you.
But this $500,000 bill is not what David used.
The walk is not going to miss that money.
This is your final warning.
Don't get involved with things that don't concern you
and don't stick your neck out for someone like David
otherwise you'll regret it.
Get out.
Mrs. Walker,
there's the information you asked for on Greta and her father.
This confirms it.
Greta isn't David's biological daughter.
Mom, you don't think Greta could be?
Yes, already been found.
And the DNA matched perfectly.
Hailey is my daughter.
Greta's just a thief.
There's no way she has a connection to the Walker family.
Let her fend for herself.
Once we get out of here,
we're going to look for your real parents.
I've made such a mock of things.
You've really suffered enough.
David, Greta isn't your biological daughter?
No woman ever wanted to marry a poor man like me,
let alone have children with me.
And one day, 15 years ago,
someone dumped this little bug here
and right next to a dumpster I was working at,
she was a blood dry.
When I picked her up,
I saved her life and I brought her up with my own.
That'll always be your daughter.
It can't be.
The Walker family's lost daughter has already been found.
I shouldn't bring more chaos to this father and daughter.
So, Dr. Ora, how's my dad doing?
His condition has stabilized.
There's no longer a need for antibiotics
and he can recover at home.
Stay in here, we'll just drain your money.
I'll prescribe some anti-inflammatory meds.
Take those as directed and he should be good in a few days.
Okay, great.
I'm gonna go get you just charged then.
Jackson Jackson.
Greta here is just charging her father early.
Well, looks like they're running away with his really grand.
Hello, bitch.
No one gives me to leave.
Mr. Hill, what are you doing here?
See, you guys think you could just take my money and run.
You must just be praying for death, huh?
We weren't running.
My dad was feeling better, so we wanted to go home and save money.
What did you promise them?
Your daughter promised to sell me one of her corners for $30,000.
Just to pay for your surgery.
Take mine.
You're the Crippen mess.
Well, I don't want your eyes.
Get in my way again.
I'll kill you.
No, I don't want your mind.
Jackson, what are you doing?
This bitch took my $30 grand and tried to run.
I caught her in yet.
Charlotte, mind your business.
Mrs. Walker.
I gave Mr. Walker my blood and doesn't that mean anything?
Please.
I'll give Mr. Walker my blood for the rest of my life if you just help my dad.
Mom, my blood type matches Walker's.
We don't need Greta's.
Plus, her blood is dirty.
We don't know what diseases she's carrying.
You're right.
Get back in the car.
My private clinic doc, transplant lined up.
So you managed to get Greta, huh?
Congratulations.
You really used to have blood type to save me negative.
And it's a risky surgery if something were to go wrong.
She'd lost too much blood.
She could die.
Who cares if she dies?
Name your price.
Hunter Grant.
Deal?
Deal.
Get over here.
Fast.
Greta's in danger.
What do I do?
99.999% match with Mrs. Walker.
Could this Greta be Greta?
Could she be the real Walker daughter?
I have to warn Mrs. Walker.
Immediately.
Mom, since both my sister and my brother have their own companies to manage, I want to help you out as well.
Give me a company to run.
I promise I won't lay it down.
Yeah, we are very lucky to have Claire back in the family.
Perhaps you could give-
As a good leader, you need to either be able to dominate Los Angeles' business world.
Or to know people, knowing your own employees, and those around you well.
What's-
What's that supposed to mean?
Today, we had the opportunity to help Greta.
She's a company employee, and she even helped donate her own blood to save Caleb.
And yet, you still persuaded Mom to let her die.
You don't have what it takes to manage a company.
Greta is just a thief.
Why should we even care about a thief's life?
It's just Jack's inside of the story.
Enough, Charlotte.
We don't let outsiders affect the unity of the Walker family.
Sweetheart, I will grant you wish and give you a promising company to manage.
Myth?
This is the Virginia Test result for Mrs. Walker and Miss Haley.
Charlotte, what's this about?
Dr. Scott's report lacked credibility.
So, I send samples of Mom and Sister to the most reputable hospital in Los Angeles for a proper DNA test.
You-
You don't trust me.
You're questioning my- my identity?
Whether you belong to this family, it will be clear once we see the report.
Why do you look so upset?
I was abandoned as a child.
I struggled so much growing up on my own.
And now that I finally found my mother and I came back home,
my sister is doubting me.
If you think I'm a threat and a burden to your inheritance,
I'll just leave.
No.
Sweetheart, don't go.
I believe you.
I lost you for so many years I cannot lose you again.
Take it and burn it.
I don't want to see that report for one more second.
Hold on.
We all know that my sister was allergic to alcohol, right?
I consulted with Dr. Ora.
Alcohol allergy is genetic.
It can't just disappear overnight.
And yet, she's not even allergic to alcohol.
She can even drink it.
Isn't that a little bit suspicious?
What's there to be suspicious about?
Maybe Dr. Ora is in a skilled or trained as all the other doctors who've treated me.
If you don't believe me, I'll just leave.
I've always been an outsider to this family anyways, no?
What's the point of staying?
My dear sister, don't go. I believe you.
Mrs. Walker, Haley isn't your daughter.
Dr. Ora, do you realize what you're saying?
I found this in Dr. Scott's office.
The part that wasn't burned shows a 99.99% DNA match,
but the name was destroyed, leaving only Greta.
I suspect that to be Greta.
David told us that Greta wasn't his biological daughter.
He found her left by his truck, almost drained of blood.
He saved her with the transfusion.
Greta, could be Clara?
My dear daughter, my traitor so badly, it is my ring.
I can't give it to you.
Break her hands and get her out.
I'll give Mr. Walker my blood for the rest of my life if you just help my dad.
You're pretty much wrong. It's fake.
I'd rather believe Haley is my sister.
You. You liar. Our shame was up to you.
You've been impersonating my sister this whole time, accusing her of death,
encouraging me to bully her and driving her away.
That's right. Greta is your real sister.
She is the Walker's family's third child.
So what? She's going blind, and she'll never be as good as me.
What if you don't? Speak. I will kill you!
Jackson probably took Clara to get her corny as removed.
We have to save her.
Greta, where is Greta? Where is your daughter?
She is my daughter.
The daughter I lost 15 years ago. It was all my fault.
And I swear this time. I'll make sure she doesn't get hurt.
Come on, Jackson. You bastard answer the phone and throw her in your family.
I know that's where she's almost started.
It's too late. You can't save her. Greta's going blind.
Anyway, I've been to my sister. I swear to God, I will kill you.
Mrs. Walker, we've located Miss Clara.
Jackson took her to a private hospital. We've locked down the location.
Good, good. We need to get to the hospital. We have to stop Jackson.
Mr. Hill, she's lost a lot of blood. We're moving the corny. It could be fatal.
I only care about her corny, as your life means nothing.
But Jesus...
Stop wasting my time to get on with it. Do you want your honor, Grant?
Not.
I can't die. My dying woman will take care of my father.
I still need to find my mother and I.
They both die. It's out of my hands.
No. I'm leaving.
Clara, I'll protect you.
I'm jamming her upset. You can tell me.
To my daughter, I'll make sure your health family is wiped off with that.
Sis? Sister? Come on, wake up.
What the hell are you doing? Why are you here?
She is Clara. She's my lost sister.
The Walker family's third daughter.
No, that... Hailey was supposed to be.
That conniving snake doctored the DNA before it.
How dare she crunty think it might tell her.
Mrs. Walker, do you know everything? Please forgive me. Hailey forced me to do it. Please, miss!
Forgive you?
Were you thinking of forgiveness when you conspired with Hailey?
Were you thinking of forgiveness when you were about to take my daughter's corny eyes?
You two are going to rot in prison for this.
So scared.
It's so cold.
She's so cold.
So why are you doing this to me?
It's her. She remembers.
Sis, she remembers us.
No, I didn't steal the rings.
It was a token of a ring.
But I still remember him that night.
Clara, Clara, it's really you, Clara.
Yeah. I was wrong. I'm so sorry.
She really is Clara.
She was my sister.
What have I done?
Doctor, Clara, please save my daughter.
I'm willing to do anything for you to save my daughter.
Miss Clara has lost a lot of blood. She needs an immediate transfusion and a lot of it.
Take my.
Mr. Walker, you're still recovering from the car accident. Donating blood now would be life threatening.
If anything would have happened to you, there'd be no blood left to save you.
Doctor, 15 years ago, she drained herself of blood to save me.
But then she was abandoned and lost the time.
But I bullied her, humiliated her.
When I was in the car accident, she gave me her blood she was died.
Sister, I'm here now. I promise to protect you.
She almost died twice, trying to save me.
Now it's my turn to do it for her, even if I die, Troy.
Doctor, please save her. I have to make this right.
Doctor Aurora, why isn't my daughter waking up?
When will she wake up? She's been through too much trauma.
Her brain has entered a self-protective state.
I'm not sure when or if she'll wake up.
It's on my fault.
But I needed you the most. I wasn't there for you.
I even hurt you, but Clara, it's your daughter.
For as long as it takes.
I will stay right here by your side.
Sis, you've been asleep for a week.
Today's your birthday and I got you your favorite strawberry cake.
Please wake up, Sis.
Gotta...
Gotta have the Walker family already cured my illness.
And they got me a job.
Please wake up.
She will wake up.
She's waking up.
Clara's finger's moved.
Doctor, quick. My daughter's waking up.
Clara, can you please come out and see us.
We really miss you.
Sweetheart, come out and see your mom.
I'll do anything you ask. Just...
Let me take a look at you.
My dad eats some.
It's gone.
Try to.
You do remember your past, though, right?
No.
You should go out and see them.
They come every day. Rain or shine to see you.
Maybe there's a shard of goodness.
Maybe they've learned their mistakes.
No.
Dad, look at my family.
Always and forever.
Yeah, Sis.
Please, mom, this is so much.
She's so heartbroken. She can barely eat or sleep.
It's my relationship.
You might not survive my family.
You have to come out and see me.
You finally had to see us.
Mrs. Walker, now you've seen me.
Please don't come near me and my father ever again.
Darling, I was wrong.
Please don't be angry with me.
Clara, don't do this. Please, give us a chance.
Miss Charlotte, I appreciate everything you've done for me in the past.
I really do, but I will never forgive these two ever again.
So, like I said, don't bother us. Again, Clara.
Do you really hate me that much?
Yes.
Leave. Now.
Mom. Clara.
Mom booked the most expensive hotel in Los Angeles for your return.
We'll send a driver to you and your father tomorrow at noon.
Please. You have to come.
Clara?
Mom, don't push it.
Let's not push her anymore.
She needs some time to herself.
Right? Come on.
Mom, she'll come. She has to.
Yeah, Mom. She still cares about us.
We're so close to this family, we're kids.
Did you find her?
When I arrived, the place was already emptied. They left this.
What?
I'm gone. Don't come looking for me.
Don't say you love me or want to make it up to me.
Ask yourselves.
If I wasn't Clara, would I have died on that operating table?
Would my father have died from his illness?
I don't want to be Clara or a walker.
I just want to be Greta, the janitor's daughter.
As for you, let's pretend we never met.
Never knew each other.
Goodbye.
Mom!
Yesterday, Walker Group's chairman, Emma Walker, announced that she has donated all her assets to establish the Clara Assistance Foundation, which will help those in need across all social sectors.
But Kayla Borka and Charlotte Walker will serve as volunteers, partially involved in the foundation's activities.
Greta, it's time to meet.
Dad, you brought me lunch. I told you there's a cafeteria here.
I know, but new environments, you know, different food.
You can be a particular little bug, so I have brought here quite a few of your food.
Thanks, Dad. Okay, let's go eat.
Alright, so what did you bring me?